[hairdresser] There.
We can adjust the length
further if you want.
No, it's perfect!
[gasps] Oh, how about adding
a pink headscarf?
-What do you think?
-You're already so beautiful.
I'm not sure my heart
could handle the scarf.
[chuckles]
Thank you for always
being there for me, Jule.
You're gonna need new threads
to go with the hair.
[Rose sighs]
[Marinette]
In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
[theme song playing]
♪ Miraculous,
simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong ♪
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest ♪
♪ The power of love
always so strong ♪
♪ Miraculous ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[doorbell rings]
-It's way too early--
-Special delivery
from the Dupain-Cheng Bakery!
I felt like doing
something special with Adrien
this morning
like having
breakfast together,
but in a unique way.
[Nathalie] You mean
unique like yesterday
and the day before and...
[laughs] No. It's not
the same thing at all.
Yesterday we had croissants,
the day before was
pain au chocolat
but today,
I brought chouquettes.
Not to mention
the orange juice
is already pressed
and the eggs
are already scrambled and...
And the alarm clock
hasn't gone off yet.
-[Marinette]
I've missed you so much!
-I've missed you too.
You saw each other
at school yesterday.
Actually, we saw each other
half an hour ago too
on our good morning
video call.
Technically, it was 28 minutes
and 12 seconds ago,
-one of the longest waits
of my life!
-[Adrien chuckles]
[Adrien] A letter?
For me?
Two movie tickets
for a 50th anniversary
screening
of Vampire Horrific
Musical Show?
-It was mailed from Roubaix!
-Your grandparents?
Surprise!
Told you he'd
figure it out on his own.
The kid's a genius!
It'll be the only screening
in the world
for the 50th anniversary
of the release
of Vampire Musical
Horrific Show.
[Gabrielle] The film
has gained a large
cult following
'cause the audience
participates during
the screening.
[Johnny] You've got
squirt guns to make it rain
when it's raining in the film!
[Gabrielle] You throw
paper planes around
when bats are flying!
You kiss when the two heroes
declare their love
to each other.
That's how we shared
our first kiss.
-Those are
lovely fangs you got!
-Mmm.
-Oh, bite me tender!
-[growls]
We're going to Paris
for the occasion
and we thought
you two lovebirds
could join us.
Like family bonding, you know?
Wait, it's a horror movie?
[Johnny laughing] Oui!
But with songs!
Amazing, no?
You'll need costumes.
You don't go see
the Vampire Horrific
Musical Show
without dressing up
like a vampire.
-It's tradition.
-You know the movie, Nathalie?
I've heard of it.
Well, thank you,
Grandma, Grandpa,
but Marinette doesn't
really enjoy horror movies.
What? Nuh-uh! Old Marinette
didn't like those movies,
but new Marinette,
AKA Adrien's girlfriend
is not afraid of anything,
especially horror movies!
-[laughs]
-[Johnny] Magnifique!
We'll pick you up at 6:00 p.m.
Do you really like
horror movies now?
[high-pitched]
Love 'em! Don't you?
-You said that?
-I did!
And what did he say?
I don't know, Marinette.
I've never even
watched a horror movie,
but it sounds like fun.
I'm curious
to find out with you.
And now I'm done for!
That's right, you have
to go see the movie
with Adrien
or you can kiss
your relationship goodbye!
See? I told you!
Stop talking nonsense, Trixx.
Listen, girl,
you definitely do not have
to go see this horror flick
if you're not
feeling up to it.
But... [shudders]
What if Adrien likes the film?
He'll think that we don't
have the same taste,
that like the same things,
and he won't love me anymore!
Marinette, couples don't have
to do everything together
or like the same exact things.
-Do you and Nino
like the same things?
-Yeah.
And do you always do
everything together?
-Yep.
-See?
Nino and I are Nino and I.
Adrien and you
are Adrien and you.
If horror movies aren't
your thing, just tell him.
[sighs] You're right.
Adrien and I are going
to the Vampire Musical
Horrific Show tonight
and it's gonna be amazing!
-[sighs]
-Oh, you're so lucky!
I wanted to take Juleka
to see it for the first time,
but the tickets sold out
a minute after they went
on sale.
What a shame.
If only there was someone
who had tickets
but didn't want to go see it.
I don't know anyone quite
like that. Do you, Marinette?
Nope. [chuckles awkwardly]
Can't think of anyone.
-[door slams]
-[shudders]
[♪ upbeat Indian
music playing]
Ah! There's Prem, amazing!
♪ My friends,
seeing you's the best ♪
♪ Your friendship
is the honey to my breakfast ♪
♪ Princess Nora,
merci, merci ♪
♪ Chouquettes and green tea
is a breakfast for free ♪
♪ Bises a toi ♪
♪ Ah, bises a toi ♪
♪ Prince Marc, merci, merci ♪
♪ For lending me the book
that had me totally shook ♪
♪ Prince Adrinette,
merci, merci ♪
♪ It took time to blossom,
now your love is awesome ♪
♪ Bises a toi ♪
♪ Ah, bises a toi ♪
♪ Princess Rose,
merci, merci ♪
♪ You and I
truly share the same energy ♪
♪ Have a nice day,
friends and crew ♪
♪ And again, thank you,
thank you ♪
What's the good news today,
friends?
Marinette and Adrien
got tickets
for the Vampire Horrific
Musical Show.
How lucky!
I so wish I could have gone!
Me too, it's my absolute
favorite movie.
Those are lovely fangs
you got.
Bite me tender!
[scoffs and grumbles]
Let me show you something.
Oh...
[grunts softly]
[grunts, chuckles]
Oh, just like in the Vampire
Horrific Musical Show!
A vampire origami
for you, Princess Rose.
[laughs] He gives presents
to Rose because he loves her!
Yes, I love Princess Rose.
I love her as a friend,
a sweet, kind friend.
[exclaims]
[grunts] That's not
what we're seeing.
Then what are you seeing?
That she seems to be
more than just a sweet,
kind friend.
-Leave Prem alone!
-[both grunt]
Stop it!
Feeling like a rebel, are we?
Cockroach.
-[grunts]
-Ah!
You three are truly heartless.
It's okay, Princess Marinette.
They can destroy
all the origami
in the world,
but they'll never destroy
how I feel about Princess Rose
or the people closest to me.
Love always mends the heart.
[Mylene] We're nice,
but we're not as nice as Prem.
[laughs] And what are you
gonna do?
We're gonna stop you
from bullying other people.
You should be ashamed
of yourselves!
[laughs] Pathetic!
Absolutely pathetic!
No, no, hold on, Ray.
They're right.
Let's admit that maybe
we've gone too far
and messed up school unity.
Are you making fun of us,
Nelson?
Of course not,
I really mean it.
What do you say?
First, you should apologize.
And repay Prem
for what you've done.
Have you gone
completely bananas?
You wanna give a gift
to that loser, Prem?
More than that, Loic. I mean,
one gift would be generous,
but two gifts
could turn poisonous.
-Hmm?
-What are you talking about?
Ray, you can get a hold
of anything you want, right?
Obviously.
Perfect.
Two tickets for the Vampire
Horrific Musical Show.
And now, watch and learn.
[Prem] Whoa! But how...
how did you do it?
They were all sold out.
There's always a spot
for someone
who wants to redeem
themselves, isn't there?
Prince Nelson,
thank you, thank you!
I'm thrilled that
you've opened your heart
to love like a sunflower
in the morning sun.
I'll sing your praises
to everyone.
Oh, that's not why I did it.
A good deed
is a reward in itself.
Let's keep this between us.
You really are so generous
and so humble.
Enjoy the movie with a friend.
What am I saying?
With the princess
of your choosing.
Whoo-hoo! [laughs]
-Princess Rose! Princess Rose!
-Hmm?
Look what I just got!
Two tickets
for the Vampire Horrific
Musical Show?
Who gave you those, Prem?
Love has, Marinette!
I told you,
love mends the heart.
Will you go to the movies
with me, Princess Rose?
Oh, yes!
This is amazing,
now we can all go together.
[laughs nervously]
[Juleka sighs, groans]
[Rose] As he steps out
of the forest...
[Prem] The vampire
places his hands
on Jenny's shoulders!
-Aah!
-And everyone in the theater
must grab the shoulders of
the person in front of them.
-That's so thrilling!
-[Adrien] Sounds like fun.
Right. Fun.
[chuckles nervously]
That's the exact word
I was about to use.
-[chuckles nervously]
-Wait. Juleka!
What are we gonna do
without Juleka?
There are only two tickets.
[Nelson] Show time!
Oh... right!
Princess Rose, you can't go
without your princess.
Here, Princess Juleka,
have my ticket.
No, no, you two go together.
You look sad, Jule.
No, I'm not.
As long as you're happy,
so am I.
You're gonna need make-up.
I can do it if you want.
[Nelson] The seed of jealousy
has been sewn
in the soil of love.
[Loic] I didn't get
any of that.
Your sentences are too wordy.
[Ray] He said they're about
to break up, duh.
[Marinette] It's not really
a horror movie since
it's also a musical,
and everyone knows
that music soothes the soul.
-I'm sure
it can't be that scary.
-[both] Whoa! Amazing!
-[Marinette] Are you sure?
-Princess Marinette!
You look
horrifyingly beautiful!
My turn.
Adrien, are you done?
I'd like to use the mirror.
[in Dracula accent]
I am ready!
[Marinette screaming]
[screaming]
-What's up, kids?
-[growls]
[Marinette screaming]
Marinette, are you okay?
[heavy breathing]
[gasps]
[screaming]
Marinette, are you sure
you wanna go?
Uh, of course!
I love being scared,
screaming, yelling,
running away,
and seeing your faces
with horrifying make-up!
[Johnny] Now, let's go, kids.
Or we'll miss
the start of the movie!
-Have fun.
-Thanks, Jule!
I'll call you
as soon as we're done
and tell you all about it.
Great. I can't wait.
[Rose giggling]
You can't let Rose
and Prem be alone together.
Come on, get up!
We're going to the movies
so you can tell them how you
really feel. Be a fighter!
[beeps]
Hey, Juleka.
What's wrong, sis?
Why aren't you here anymore?
Of course I'm here. See?
No, you're no longer here
beside me.
Now that there's an ocean
between us,
nothing's the same anymore.
We used to be
able to tell each
other everything
all the time.
Now I'm all alone.
You have Rose.
What if she left me someday
like you did?
What if she found
someone better than me?
Someone who's like her,
someone she can share
everything with.
Stop it, Jule. I'm sure you're
getting worried over nothing.
You don't know that.
You're not here.
There's only one person
I can count on anyway, myself.
- Jul--
-[beeps]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
Yeah, things are always better
with action!
[♪ sinister music playing]
[Marinette whimpering]
[Marinette] No need
to grab my shoulders
during the movie, okay?
It's not gonna scare me.
[chuckles nervously]
If you fold it
along the dotted line,
you get a paper bat.
Then you can throw it
at the right time
during the movie.
-[man laughing]
-[Marinette gasps]
[man cackling]
[whimpers] Aah!
-[phone rings]
-Aah!
Shoot! Sorry.
I forgot to turn it off.
Hmm? Luka?
Did something happen
between you and Juleka?
Uh, no. Things are good, why?
[Bourgeois]
Horrific evening, everyone!
And welcome
to the special screening
of the Vampire Horrific
Musical Show!
For the first time in France,
you're about to watch
an extended,
unreleased version
with exclusive
and even more
terrifying footage!
Thirty additional minutes
of thrill, anguish, horror,
terror, fear, fright!
[Marinette] I'd have been
fine with anguish.
We can leave
if you want to, Marinette.
Oh, no, nonsense.
I love it when my heart
jumps out of my chest.
Horror movies are the best.
-[Rose grunting]
-Where are you going,
Princess Rose?
Juleka's not okay
and it's my fault.
She's always there for me and
tonight I'm not there for her.
I didn't realize
she'd be so sad
if I went to this movie
without her.
[music stops]
-I'll go with Rose.
-No, you stay. I'll go.
No, no, no. This is
an important moment for you
and your grandparents.
-You're gonna miss the movie.
-It's okay, I already
hate it anyway.
-But--
-Adrien, you were
right all along,
I still don't like
horror movies,
but I was afraid
not coming with you
would drive us away
from each other,
that you'd be
disappointed in me,
that you'd love me less.
Marinette, the only thing
that could disappoint me
is if you feel
you can't be honest with me
and you force yourself
to do something you don't
want to just to please me.
[kisses]
Ugh, the blame falls upon me.
I'm the one
who caused such distress
between Rose and Juleka.
I did something horrific.
I'm horrific! I'm horrific!
Huh?
[Chrysalis]
Hello, forgive my intrusion,
but I sensed a great deal
of guilt.
Get out of my head,
evil super villain!
I've done enough harm
as it is today.
If I listen to you, I'll make
someone else broken hearted.
You're wrong about
my intensions, dear Prem.
People think
I'm an evil person
like the former Hawk Moth,
when really I only want
to help my fellow humans.
Why should I believe you?
Because I'm offering you
the power
of your choosing
and I'm not asking
for anything in return.
Not even Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
What more
do you need to believe
I'm acting selflessly?
-[Prem] You're
not tricking me?
-Of course not.
Just tell me
what I should call you
and see for yourself.
Fine...
then call me Count Vampigami!
[whirring]
[♪ sultry rock music playing]
Huh? Aah!
If princesses Rose and Juleka
can't come to the movie,
the movie will come
to the princesses!
[Rose muffled screaming]
-[crowd screams]
-[woman] Move! I think
we should get out of here!
[crowd clamoring]
I'm not Prem.
I'm Count Vampigami.
[grunts]
-[claps]
-[beeping]
[Adrien gasps, grunts]
-[chimes]
-[Adrien whimpers]
[Vampigami chuckles, claps]
[chuckling]
-Hah!
-[screaming]
[Adrien shudders]
-[whoosh]
-[woman] What's happening?
[woman exclaiming
indistinctly]
[water trickling]
[gasps]
[Tikki] Quiet, Marinette!
Don't say a word!
And whatever you do,
do not transform.
There's a video camera above.
Unlike Kwamis,
you can be filmed
and recorded,
so just act like you're afraid
of the akumatized villain
and you've come here to hide.
[door handle rattling]
[Adrien grunting]
[panting]
Plagg, Claws Out!
[zaps]
Cataclysm!
-[grunts]
-[crowd shouting]
Princess Rose, stay, stay!
Vampigami and his friends
will go get Juleka for you.
If leaving that girl alone
is beyond your skills,
then you're the worst vampire
friend there is.
I'm not in the mood for jokes,
fuzz bucket!
Step aside or get ready
to express regret!
[Cat Noir] Okay! So, I guess
we won't be premiering
our duet in concert. Too bad!
Cataclysm! Cataclysm!
Cataclysm! Whoa...
Cataclysm! [grunts]
[panting]
A super ladybug
would give me wings
provided that her phone rings.
[Marinette panting]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
Locked doors at the theater,
a camera in the bathroom,
it's like someone knew
there'd be an akumatization
there today.
It could be a trap
from the new holder
of the Butterfly Miraculous.
I don't know,
but we're gonna have
to be extra careful.
-Tikki, Spots On!
-[zaps]
Hmm?
[beeping]
Got your message.
On my way, Kitty Kat.
-[whirring]
-[trilling]
[Vampigami] Why prevent love
from prevailing?
Join the ranks, Cat Noir,
or the ranks will join you.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
For now,
I'll be the one joining him!
Keep away from the kitty,
vampires.
Ah, my lady!
So glad to see you!
[giggles]
Yeah, same, I'm super glad.
I love scary vampires.
[chuckles nervously]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
-[Ladybug yells]
-[Cat Noir grunts]
And these ones sing too.
Vampigami over there,
he's the one running the show.
[Ladybug] He doesn't
look terrifying at all!
[nervous laughter]
-[teeth chattering]
-Is that noise
coming from you?
Me? No! What noise?
Oh, right! It's my fingers.
I can't help it.
Whenever I hear music,
I have to snap my fingers.
[chuckles nervously]
[♪ music continues]
[beeping]
[whooshes]
This music does make you want
to sing and clap your hands.
Vampigami, on the other hand,
must be stopped
from clapping his hands.
Well spotted, M'Lady.
When he claps his hands,
his zombie dancers
get new battle origamis.
-Hi, friends.
-Pigella, Purple Tigress,
you're right on time
for the vampire dance.
Cat Noir, get the party
started with your cataclysms.
I've got you covered.
Lucky Charm!
[grunts]
Cataclysm!
Superheroes always make
the best games,
so you zombies
can put away your... fangs!
[Cat Noir grunting]
-Purple Tigress, you're up.
-Gladly.
Clout! Aah!
Huh?
[groaning, screaming]
[Ladybug]
Pigella, you're next!
[whimpering]
-Gift!
-[chimes]
-[Vampigami yells]
-[thuds]
[groans] Hmm?
[shudders]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[glass breaking]
[Ladybug] No more evil-doing
for you, Ultrakuma.
Time to de-evilize!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
-Miraculous Ladybug!
-[chimes]
[crowd shudders]
[Prem] Hmm?
Ladybug, what did I do?
[whirring]
[chimes]
[Ladybug] This magical charm
will help you remember
that you can dance on your own
or with another person,
or even in a group,
but that some people
may just not want to dance
and that's okay too.
[all] Pound it!
[both grunt]
Hmm?
Cat Noir, the new holder
of the Miraculous
is not trying to defeat us
by using their akumatized
villains to fight us.
They want to defeat us
by figuring out
who we really are.
They're spying on us.
I already had a feeling
but it was confirmed today.
We've got to stay alert.
You can count on me.
[Prem] I'm sorry,
Princess Juleka.
I never wanted to form
rain clouds in the blue sky
of your relationship
with Princess Rose
or upset you. If this
is gonna bring you sadness,
I'd rather not see the movie
with Princess Rose.
You go with her.
I'm not upset with you, Prem.
I'm upset with myself
'cause I felt like, since you
and Rose liked the same movie,
you were meant for each other
more than Rose and me.
No way, Jule.
It's nothing like that.
I'm so scared of losing you,
but I'm gonna try
to overcome that fear.
Just because we don't do
everything together
doesn't mean that we don't
love each other very much,
and there's no one I love
more than you, Jule.
Go see the movie together.
I'll be fine.
Or you go. You can have
my ticket if you want.
Have mine,
I hate horror movies anyway.
[Rose] Are you sure?
Rose is right,
just because you don't do
everything together
doesn't mean
that you love each other less.
[Johnny] Hey, kids!
Time to go.
Or we'll miss the start
of the movie!
[both] I love you.
[Loic] Gag me.
[Nelson] More couples
just means more fun...
breaking them up.
[boys chuckle]
[shrieks, screams]
[Lila] It has to be her.
It's the only
logical explanation.
If it were her, she would have
transformed there and then,
- but she didn't.
-[Lila] I'm missing something.
It's not possible.
It has to be her.
You have to explore
other avenues, Lila.
[Lila] Tatsu, drive me home.
[♪ theme music playing]